Copyright (C) 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020  Heiko Stamer <HeikoStamer@gmx.net>
  Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
  under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
  or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
  with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
  Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
  "APPENDIX: GNU Free Documentation License".

Introduction
------------
  Distributed Privacy Guard (DKGPG) implements Distributed Key Generation (DKG)
  and Threshold Cryptography for OpenPGP. The generated public keys are
  compatible with the standard and thus can be used by any RFC4880-compliant
  application (e.g. GnuPG). The main purposes of this software are distributing
  power among multiple parties, eliminating single points of failure, and
  increasing the difficulty of side-channel attacks on private key material.

  Using well-established multi-party protocols a shared private key and a
  common public key (DSA/ElGamal) are generated. Then further interactive
  protocols perform the private operations like decryption of messages and
  signing of files or keys, provided that a previously defined threshold of
  parties/devices take part in the distributed computation. For completeness
  DKGPG contains programs for public-key encryption and signature verification.

  The security is based on the well-established cryptographic assumption that
  computing discrete logarithms in large prime order subgroups of Z_p (finite
  field) is hard. The current implementation is still experimental and should
  NOT be used for production, because it has been not yet reviewed by an
  independend third party. Some details about design criteria can be found in
  these presentation slides: http://www.nongnu.org/libtmcg/dg81_slides.pdf

  DKGPG is 'Free Software' according to the definition of the Free Software
  Foundation. The source code is released under the GNU General Public License.

Overview
--------
  Distributed Privacy Guard consists of a bunch of command-line programs: 
  The program dkg-generate provides an implementation of distributed key share
  generation for DSA/DSS and the ElGamal cryptosystem. The generation and the
  refresh (the latter is done by a separated program called dkg-refresh) needs
  a lot of strong quality randomness (see e.g. D. Eastlake, J. Schiller, and
  S. Crocker: Randomness Requirements for Security, Network Working Group,
  Request for Comments: 4086, June 2005) obtained by DKGPG from the GNU Crypto
  Library (libgcrypt), that means, the execution will slow down or even fail on
  systems (e.g. headless servers) if only low entropy sources for /dev/random
  (i.e. the source of strong randomness for libgcrypt) are available. The random
  number generation, input/output operations, arithmetic functions, OpenPGP
  support, and some high-level protocols are provided by another library of the
  author, i.e., Toolbox for Mental Card Games (LibTMCG). If this LibTMCG is
  built with optional support of Botan (another C++ crypto library), then the
  aquired random numbers incorporate randomness from Botan::AutoSeeded_RNG as
  an additional source to rely not only on libgcrypt's RNG implementation.

  Due to the interactiveness of the protocols a lot of messages resp. data have
  to be exchanged between participating parties in a secure way. We employ
  GNUnet, and in particular its mesh routed CADET service, to establish private
  point-to-point and separated broadcast channels for this message exchange.
  A so-called reliable broadcast protocol (RBC) from LibTMCG is used as a weak
  mechanism to achieve some validity, consistency, and totality in a most
  likely asynchronous communication environment. However, there are limitations
  (termination is not guaranteed) and predefined timeout values. Timing problems
  may be recognized by looking for error messages with prefix "RBC" on STDERR
  output of the interactive programs. In such cases the predefined timeout
  value (default: five minutes) can be adjusted by using option "-W".

  The program dkg-encrypt encrypts a text message for a given public key in
  OpenPGP format. It uses AES256 as fixed symmetric cipher and most of the
  public-key algorithms defined by OpenPGP, even AEAD algorithms from draft
  RFC 4880bis, if they are supported by libgcrypt. Of course, a similar result
  can be achieved by any OpenPGP-compatible implementation --- the program is
  only included for completeness. Conversely, a corresponding threshold
  decryption protocol (see Ronald Cramer, Rosario Gennaro, and Berry
  Schoenmakers: A Secure and Optimally Efficient Multi-Authority Election
  Scheme, Advances in Cryptology – EUROCRYPT ’97, LNCS 1233, pp. 103–118, 1997)
  has been implemented by the program dkg-decrypt. It provides an interactive
  version and a non-interactive version for computing, verifying, and combining
  the required decryption shares from participating players. Finally, if
  everything is sane, it outputs the decrypted message. The included OpenPGP
  signatures can be verified by using the option "-k" with a keyring that
  contains the required public keys.

  Since version 1.0.8 most DKGPG programs support a new option "-y" that turns
  them into a regular OpenPGP implementation operating with any transferable
  private key (ASCII-armored format). For example, this option is available for
  dkg-generate, dkg-decrypt, dkg-sign, dkg-keysign, and dkg-timestamp.

  The programs dkg-keycheck and dkg-keyinfo print some basic information for a
  given OpenPGP public and private key, respectively. However, there is another
  special use case for DKGPG: The option "-m" of dkg-keyinfo migrates a changed
  peer identity, if the new name meets some requirements. Note that only the
  name of the peer is migrated, other parts of the private key material are not
  changed.
  
  The private key shares of all active parties should be changed regularly by
  program dkg-refresh. Each player who does not join this refresh process is
  excluded from any further operation with the shared private key.

  The program dkg-sign creates a detached signature on a binary or a text file,
  if a sufficient threshold of the parties work together in the interactive
  signing protocol. Such a detached signature can be verified with any OpenPGP-
  compatible software or the included programm dkg-verify. Thus DKGPG solves
  the problem of distributed code-signing without secret key splitting (e.g.
  libgfshare) and laborious reconstruction ceremonies (e.g. as used for DNSSEC
  root signing key). The program dkg-keysign generates certification signatures
  in a similar manner for each selected and valid user ID of a given public key.
  User attributes are not supported yet. With the program dkg-adduid an
  additional user ID can be created and with dkg-revuid a present user ID can be
  revoked. The program dkg-addrevoker creates a direct-key signature which
  specifies an external key (given by option "-i") that can act as an additional
  revoker. Last but not least, the program dkg-revoke generates corresponding
  revocation signatures (also known as revocation certificates) for the key.

  Please consult the manual pages for detailed information on usage and options.

  Note that for building GNUnet support of dkg-generate, dkg-adduid, dkg-revuid,
  dkg-refresh, dkg-sign, dkg-keysign, dkg-timestamp, dkg-addrevoker, dkg-revoke,
  and the interactive version of dkg-decrypt the development files and a working
  environment of a very recent version (at least 0.11.x series) must be present.

  However, as simple workaround for systems without GNUnet a TCP/IP-based
  mechanism for message exchange is included (option "-H <hostname>") in each
  program that needs network interaction. To keep confidentiality and integrity
  of the established point-to-point channels some mutually chosen and (manually)
  distributed passwords (option "-P <password list>") are required. The format
  of such a password list is explained in the corresponding manual pages.
  Moreover, with torsocks and some obvious port forwarding rules for a hidden
  service (see manual page of dkg-generarte for the details) this mechanism
  allows running the interactive DKGPG programs over Tor.

Requirements
------------
  You need the following programs, libraries and appropriate header files to
  build (GNU gcc/g++ >= 5.4.x or higher is recommended) DKGPG successfully:

  * Toolbox for Mental Card Games (LibTMCG), version >= 1.4.0
    https://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/libtmcg
  * GNU Multiple Precision Arithmetic Library (libgmp), version >= 6.1.2,
    https://gmplib.org/
  * GNU Crypto Library (libgcrypt), version >= 1.8.0,
    https://gnupg.org/download/index.html
  * GNU Privacy Guard Error Code Library (libgpg-error), version >= 1.27,
    https://gnupg.org/download/index.html
  * zlib Compression Library (libz), version >= 1.2.3
    https://zlib.net/
  * [OPTIONAL] Library for data compression (libbzip2), version >= 1.0.6,
    http://www.bzip.org/
  * [OPTIONAL] GNUnet, version >= 0.11.7
    https://gnunet.org/

  The DKGPG package was tested (++ successful, -- erroneous) on the following
  platforms with the given compilers, respectively:

  ++ GNU/Linux (Gentoo Linux)    x86_64    gcc 10.2.0  (details omitted)
  ++ GNU/Linux (Gentoo Linux)    x86_64  clang 11.0.0  (details omitted)
  ++ GNU/Linux (Debian Linux)    x86_64    gcc  8.3.0  (details omitted)
  ++ GNU/Linux (Trisquel Linux)  x86_64    gcc  4.8.4  (details omitted)
  ++ OpenBSD 6.5                 amd64     gcc  4.2.1  (details omitted)
  ++ FreeBSD 12.1                amd64   clang  8.0.1  (details omitted)

Build & Install
---------------
  You should proceed by executing the following magic commands:

    1. ./configure
    2. make
    3. make install

Bugs, Contribution, GIT
-----------------------
  Please send detailed bug reports to Heiko Stamer <HeikoStamer@gmx.net>,
  or even better, use our bug tracker at:
 
    https://savannah.nongnu.org/bugs/?func=additem&group=dkgpg

  You can get the latest sources from the source repository by using the
  command

    git clone https://git.savannah.gnu.org/git/dkgpg

  The GNU C++ compiler from GCC and the GNU Make program is required.
  Additionally you will need the following free software packages:
  
  * GNU Autoconf, version >= 2.61, https://www.gnu.org/software/autoconf/
  * GNU Automake, version >= 1.12, https://www.gnu.org/software/automake/
  * GNU Libtool, version >= 2.4.2, https://www.gnu.org/software/libtool/

Example: working configuration in .muttrc (replacement of classic pgp)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
[...]
  unset crypt_use_gpgme
  unset pgp_use_gpg_agent
  set pgp_list_pubring_command="~/bin/dkg-keycheck -y -k ~/keyring.asc %r"
  set pgp_self_encrypt=yes
  set pgp_default_key="0x76F73011329D27DB8D7C3F974F584EB8FB2BE14F"
  set pgp_encrypt_only_command="~/bin/dkg-encrypt -k ~/keyring.asc -i %f -r %r"
  set pgp_check_gpg_decrypt_status_fd=no
  set pgp_decryption_okay="^INFO: decrypted message"
  set pgp_decrypt_command="~/bin/dkg-decrypt -E -V -k ~/keyring.asc -y ~/secretkey.asc -i %f"
  set pgp_verify_command="~/bin/dkg-verify -V -k ~/keyring.asc -i %f -s %s"
  set pgp_good_sign="^INFO: Good signature"
  set pgp_sign_command="~/bin/dkg-sign -E -t -V -y ~/secretkey.asc -i %f"
[...]

Copyright and License of this software
--------------------------------------
  (C) 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020  Heiko Stamer <HeikoStamer@gmx.net>
        GNU General Public License version 2,
            or (at your option) any later version published by
            the Free Software Foundation.

  Please have a look at file 'COPYING' and https://www.fsf.org/.

APPENDIX: GNU Free Documentation License
----------------------------------------

                GNU Free Documentation License
                 Version 1.3, 3 November 2008


 Copyright (C) 2000, 2001, 2002, 2007, 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
     <http://fsf.org/>
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

0. PREAMBLE

The purpose of this License is to make a manual, textbook, or other
functional and useful document "free" in the sense of freedom: to
assure everyone the effective freedom to copy and redistribute it,
with or without modifying it, either commercially or noncommercially.
Secondarily, this License preserves for the author and publisher a way
to get credit for their work, while not being considered responsible
for modifications made by others.

This License is a kind of "copyleft", which means that derivative
works of the document must themselves be free in the same sense.  It
complements the GNU General Public License, which is a copyleft
license designed for free software.

We have designed this License in order to use it for manuals for free
software, because free software needs free documentation: a free
program should come with manuals providing the same freedoms that the
software does.  But this License is not limited to software manuals;
it can be used for any textual work, regardless of subject matter or
whether it is published as a printed book.  We recommend this License
principally for works whose purpose is instruction or reference.


1. APPLICABILITY AND DEFINITIONS

This License applies to any manual or other work, in any medium, that
contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it can be
distributed under the terms of this License.  Such a notice grants a
world-wide, royalty-free license, unlimited in duration, to use that
work under the conditions stated herein.  The "Document", below,
refers to any such manual or work.  Any member of the public is a
licensee, and is addressed as "you".  You accept the license if you
copy, modify or distribute the work in a way requiring permission
under copyright law.

A "Modified Version" of the Document means any work containing the
Document or a portion of it, either copied verbatim, or with
modifications and/or translated into another language.

A "Secondary Section" is a named appendix or a front-matter section of
the Document that deals exclusively with the relationship of the
publishers or authors of the Document to the Document's overall
subject (or to related matters) and contains nothing that could fall
directly within that overall subject.  (Thus, if the Document is in
part a textbook of mathematics, a Secondary Section may not explain
any mathematics.)  The relationship could be a matter of historical
connection with the subject or with related matters, or of legal,
commercial, philosophical, ethical or political position regarding
them.

The "Invariant Sections" are certain Secondary Sections whose titles
are designated, as being those of Invariant Sections, in the notice
that says that the Document is released under this License.  If a
section does not fit the above definition of Secondary then it is not
allowed to be designated as Invariant.  The Document may contain zero
Invariant Sections.  If the Document does not identify any Invariant
Sections then there are none.

The "Cover Texts" are certain short passages of text that are listed,
as Front-Cover Texts or Back-Cover Texts, in the notice that says that
the Document is released under this License.  A Front-Cover Text may
be at most 5 words, and a Back-Cover Text may be at most 25 words.

A "Transparent" copy of the Document means a machine-readable copy,
represented in a format whose specification is available to the
general public, that is suitable for revising the document
straightforwardly with generic text editors or (for images composed of
pixels) generic paint programs or (for drawings) some widely available
drawing editor, and that is suitable for input to text formatters or
for automatic translation to a variety of formats suitable for input
to text formatters.  A copy made in an otherwise Transparent file
format whose markup, or absence of markup, has been arranged to thwart
or discourage subsequent modification by readers is not Transparent.
An image format is not Transparent if used for any substantial amount
of text.  A copy that is not "Transparent" is called "Opaque".

Examples of suitable formats for Transparent copies include plain
ASCII without markup, Texinfo input format, LaTeX input format, SGML
or XML using a publicly available DTD, and standard-conforming simple
HTML, PostScript or PDF designed for human modification.  Examples of
transparent image formats include PNG, XCF and JPG.  Opaque formats
include proprietary formats that can be read and edited only by
proprietary word processors, SGML or XML for which the DTD and/or
processing tools are not generally available, and the
machine-generated HTML, PostScript or PDF produced by some word
processors for output purposes only.

The "Title Page" means, for a printed book, the title page itself,
plus such following pages as are needed to hold, legibly, the material
this License requires to appear in the title page.  For works in
formats which do not have any title page as such, "Title Page" means
the text near the most prominent appearance of the work's title,
preceding the beginning of the body of the text.

The "publisher" means any person or entity that distributes copies of
the Document to the public.

A section "Entitled XYZ" means a named subunit of the Document whose
title either is precisely XYZ or contains XYZ in parentheses following
text that translates XYZ in another language.  (Here XYZ stands for a
specific section name mentioned below, such as "Acknowledgements",
"Dedications", "Endorsements", or "History".)  To "Preserve the Title"
of such a section when you modify the Document means that it remains a
section "Entitled XYZ" according to this definition.

The Document may include Warranty Disclaimers next to the notice which
states that this License applies to the Document.  These Warranty
Disclaimers are considered to be included by reference in this
License, but only as regards disclaiming warranties: any other
implication that these Warranty Disclaimers may have is void and has
no effect on the meaning of this License.

2. VERBATIM COPYING

You may copy and distribute the Document in any medium, either
commercially or noncommercially, provided that this License, the
copyright notices, and the license notice saying this License applies
to the Document are reproduced in all copies, and that you add no
other conditions whatsoever to those of this License.  You may not use
technical measures to obstruct or control the reading or further
copying of the copies you make or distribute.  However, you may accept
compensation in exchange for copies.  If you distribute a large enough
number of copies you must also follow the conditions in section 3.

You may also lend copies, under the same conditions stated above, and
you may publicly display copies.


3. COPYING IN QUANTITY

If you publish printed copies (or copies in media that commonly have
printed covers) of the Document, numbering more than 100, and the
Document's license notice requires Cover Texts, you must enclose the
copies in covers that carry, clearly and legibly, all these Cover
Texts: Front-Cover Texts on the front cover, and Back-Cover Texts on
the back cover.  Both covers must also clearly and legibly identify
you as the publisher of these copies.  The front cover must present
the full title with all words of the title equally prominent and
visible.  You may add other material on the covers in addition.
Copying with changes limited to the covers, as long as they preserve
the title of the Document and satisfy these conditions, can be treated
as verbatim copying in other respects.

If the required texts for either cover are too voluminous to fit
legibly, you should put the first ones listed (as many as fit
reasonably) on the actual cover, and continue the rest onto adjacent
pages.

If you publish or distribute Opaque copies of the Document numbering
more than 100, you must either include a machine-readable Transparent
copy along with each Opaque copy, or state in or with each Opaque copy
a computer-network location from which the general network-using
public has access to download using public-standard network protocols
a complete Transparent copy of the Document, free of added material.
If you use the latter option, you must take reasonably prudent steps,
when you begin distribution of Opaque copies in quantity, to ensure
that this Transparent copy will remain thus accessible at the stated
location until at least one year after the last time you distribute an
Opaque copy (directly or through your agents or retailers) of that
edition to the public.

It is requested, but not required, that you contact the authors of the
Document well before redistributing any large number of copies, to
give them a chance to provide you with an updated version of the
Document.


4. MODIFICATIONS

You may copy and distribute a Modified Version of the Document under
the conditions of sections 2 and 3 above, provided that you release
the Modified Version under precisely this License, with the Modified
Version filling the role of the Document, thus licensing distribution
and modification of the Modified Version to whoever possesses a copy
of it.  In addition, you must do these things in the Modified Version:

A. Use in the Title Page (and on the covers, if any) a title distinct
   from that of the Document, and from those of previous versions
   (which should, if there were any, be listed in the History section
   of the Document).  You may use the same title as a previous version
   if the original publisher of that version gives permission.
B. List on the Title Page, as authors, one or more persons or entities
   responsible for authorship of the modifications in the Modified
   Version, together with at least five of the principal authors of the
   Document (all of its principal authors, if it has fewer than five),
   unless they release you from this requirement.
C. State on the Title page the name of the publisher of the
   Modified Version, as the publisher.
D. Preserve all the copyright notices of the Document.
E. Add an appropriate copyright notice for your modifications
   adjacent to the other copyright notices.
F. Include, immediately after the copyright notices, a license notice
   giving the public permission to use the Modified Version under the
   terms of this License, in the form shown in the Addendum below.
G. Preserve in that license notice the full lists of Invariant Sections
   and required Cover Texts given in the Document's license notice.
H. Include an unaltered copy of this License.
I. Preserve the section Entitled "History", Preserve its Title, and add
   to it an item stating at least the title, year, new authors, and
   publisher of the Modified Version as given on the Title Page.  If
   there is no section Entitled "History" in the Document, create one
   stating the title, year, authors, and publisher of the Document as
   given on its Title Page, then add an item describing the Modified
   Version as stated in the previous sentence.
J. Preserve the network location, if any, given in the Document for
   public access to a Transparent copy of the Document, and likewise
   the network locations given in the Document for previous versions
   it was based on.  These may be placed in the "History" section.
   You may omit a network location for a work that was published at
   least four years before the Document itself, or if the original
   publisher of the version it refers to gives permission.
K. For any section Entitled "Acknowledgements" or "Dedications",
   Preserve the Title of the section, and preserve in the section all
   the substance and tone of each of the contributor acknowledgements
   and/or dedications given therein.
L. Preserve all the Invariant Sections of the Document,
   unaltered in their text and in their titles.  Section numbers
   or the equivalent are not considered part of the section titles.
M. Delete any section Entitled "Endorsements".  Such a section
   may not be included in the Modified Version.
N. Do not retitle any existing section to be Entitled "Endorsements"
   or to conflict in title with any Invariant Section.
O. Preserve any Warranty Disclaimers.

If the Modified Version includes new front-matter sections or
appendices that qualify as Secondary Sections and contain no material
copied from the Document, you may at your option designate some or all
of these sections as invariant.  To do this, add their titles to the
list of Invariant Sections in the Modified Version's license notice.
These titles must be distinct from any other section titles.

You may add a section Entitled "Endorsements", provided it contains
nothing but endorsements of your Modified Version by various
parties--for example, statements of peer review or that the text has
been approved by an organization as the authoritative definition of a
standard.

You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text, and a
passage of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text, to the end of the list
of Cover Texts in the Modified Version.  Only one passage of
Front-Cover Text and one of Back-Cover Text may be added by (or
through arrangements made by) any one entity.  If the Document already
includes a cover text for the same cover, previously added by you or
by arrangement made by the same entity you are acting on behalf of,
you may not add another; but you may replace the old one, on explicit
permission from the previous publisher that added the old one.

The author(s) and publisher(s) of the Document do not by this License
give permission to use their names for publicity for or to assert or
imply endorsement of any Modified Version.


5. COMBINING DOCUMENTS

You may combine the Document with other documents released under this
License, under the terms defined in section 4 above for modified
versions, provided that you include in the combination all of the
Invariant Sections of all of the original documents, unmodified, and
list them all as Invariant Sections of your combined work in its
license notice, and that you preserve all their Warranty Disclaimers.

The combined work need only contain one copy of this License, and
multiple identical Invariant Sections may be replaced with a single
copy.  If there are multiple Invariant Sections with the same name but
different contents, make the title of each such section unique by
adding at the end of it, in parentheses, the name of the original
author or publisher of that section if known, or else a unique number.
Make the same adjustment to the section titles in the list of
Invariant Sections in the license notice of the combined work.

In the combination, you must combine any sections Entitled "History"
in the various original documents, forming one section Entitled
"History"; likewise combine any sections Entitled "Acknowledgements",
and any sections Entitled "Dedications".  You must delete all sections
Entitled "Endorsements".


6. COLLECTIONS OF DOCUMENTS

You may make a collection consisting of the Document and other
documents released under this License, and replace the individual
copies of this License in the various documents with a single copy
that is included in the collection, provided that you follow the rules
of this License for verbatim copying of each of the documents in all
other respects.

You may extract a single document from such a collection, and
distribute it individually under this License, provided you insert a
copy of this License into the extracted document, and follow this
License in all other respects regarding verbatim copying of that
document.


7. AGGREGATION WITH INDEPENDENT WORKS

A compilation of the Document or its derivatives with other separate
and independent documents or works, in or on a volume of a storage or
distribution medium, is called an "aggregate" if the copyright
resulting from the compilation is not used to limit the legal rights
of the compilation's users beyond what the individual works permit.
When the Document is included in an aggregate, this License does not
apply to the other works in the aggregate which are not themselves
derivative works of the Document.

If the Cover Text requirement of section 3 is applicable to these
copies of the Document, then if the Document is less than one half of
the entire aggregate, the Document's Cover Texts may be placed on
covers that bracket the Document within the aggregate, or the
electronic equivalent of covers if the Document is in electronic form.
Otherwise they must appear on printed covers that bracket the whole
aggregate.


8. TRANSLATION

Translation is considered a kind of modification, so you may
distribute translations of the Document under the terms of section 4.
Replacing Invariant Sections with translations requires special
permission from their copyright holders, but you may include
translations of some or all Invariant Sections in addition to the
original versions of these Invariant Sections.  You may include a
translation of this License, and all the license notices in the
Document, and any Warranty Disclaimers, provided that you also include
the original English version of this License and the original versions
of those notices and disclaimers.  In case of a disagreement between
the translation and the original version of this License or a notice
or disclaimer, the original version will prevail.

If a section in the Document is Entitled "Acknowledgements",
"Dedications", or "History", the requirement (section 4) to Preserve
its Title (section 1) will typically require changing the actual
title.


9. TERMINATION

You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Document
except as expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt
otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute it is void, and
will automatically terminate your rights under this License.

However, if you cease all violation of this License, then your license
from a particular copyright holder is reinstated (a) provisionally,
unless and until the copyright holder explicitly and finally
terminates your license, and (b) permanently, if the copyright holder
fails to notify you of the violation by some reasonable means prior to
60 days after the cessation.

Moreover, your license from a particular copyright holder is
reinstated permanently if the copyright holder notifies you of the
violation by some reasonable means, this is the first time you have
received notice of violation of this License (for any work) from that
copyright holder, and you cure the violation prior to 30 days after
your receipt of the notice.

Termination of your rights under this section does not terminate the
licenses of parties who have received copies or rights from you under
this License.  If your rights have been terminated and not permanently
reinstated, receipt of a copy of some or all of the same material does
not give you any rights to use it.


10. FUTURE REVISIONS OF THIS LICENSE

The Free Software Foundation may publish new, revised versions of the
GNU Free Documentation License from time to time.  Such new versions
will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in
detail to address new problems or concerns.  See
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/.

Each version of the License is given a distinguishing version number.
If the Document specifies that a particular numbered version of this
License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the option of
following the terms and conditions either of that specified version or
of any later version that has been published (not as a draft) by the
Free Software Foundation.  If the Document does not specify a version
number of this License, you may choose any version ever published (not
as a draft) by the Free Software Foundation.  If the Document
specifies that a proxy can decide which future versions of this
License can be used, that proxy's public statement of acceptance of a
version permanently authorizes you to choose that version for the
Document.

11. RELICENSING

"Massive Multiauthor Collaboration Site" (or "MMC Site") means any
World Wide Web server that publishes copyrightable works and also
provides prominent facilities for anybody to edit those works.  A
public wiki that anybody can edit is an example of such a server.  A
"Massive Multiauthor Collaboration" (or "MMC") contained in the site
means any set of copyrightable works thus published on the MMC site.

"CC-BY-SA" means the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 
license published by Creative Commons Corporation, a not-for-profit 
corporation with a principal place of business in San Francisco, 
California, as well as future copyleft versions of that license 
published by that same organization.

"Incorporate" means to publish or republish a Document, in whole or in 
part, as part of another Document.

An MMC is "eligible for relicensing" if it is licensed under this 
License, and if all works that were first published under this License 
somewhere other than this MMC, and subsequently incorporated in whole or 
in part into the MMC, (1) had no cover texts or invariant sections, and 
(2) were thus incorporated prior to November 1, 2008.

The operator of an MMC Site may republish an MMC contained in the site
under CC-BY-SA on the same site at any time before August 1, 2009,
provided the MMC is eligible for relicensing.


ADDENDUM: How to use this License for your documents

To use this License in a document you have written, include a copy of
the License in the document and put the following copyright and
license notices just after the title page:

    Copyright (c)  YEAR  YOUR NAME.
    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
    or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
    with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
    A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
    Free Documentation License".

If you have Invariant Sections, Front-Cover Texts and Back-Cover Texts,
replace the "with...Texts." line with this:

    with the Invariant Sections being LIST THEIR TITLES, with the
    Front-Cover Texts being LIST, and with the Back-Cover Texts being LIST.

If you have Invariant Sections without Cover Texts, or some other
combination of the three, merge those two alternatives to suit the
situation.

If your document contains nontrivial examples of program code, we
recommend releasing these examples in parallel under your choice of
free software license, such as the GNU General Public License,
to permit their use in free software.

